README.md, before:

# Licensecc

*Copy protection, licensing library and license generator for Windows and Linux.*

[![Standard](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%2B%2B-11-blue.svg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B#Standardization)
[![unstable](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/unstable.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
[![travis](https://travis-ci.org/open-license-manager/licensecc.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/open-license-manager/licensecc)
[![Github_CI](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/workflows/Github_CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/actions)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/81a1f6bc15014618934fc5fab4d3c206)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=open-license-manager/licensecc&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=vdrBBzX6Rl)](https://codecov.io/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc)
[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/open-license-manager/licensecc)](http://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/issues)

Protect the software you develop from unauthorized copies, limit the usage in time, to a specific set of 
machines, or prevent the usage in  virtualized environments. It is an open source license manager that helps to keep your 
software closed :smirk: . Among other features if it runs on a "real hardware" it can generate a signature of that hardware and report if the signature doesn't match.

A comprehensive [list of features](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/analysis/features.html), and their status is available in the project site. 

If you're experiencing problems, or you just need informations you can't find in the [documentation](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc)  please contact us on [github discussions](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/discussions), we'll be happy to help. 

Remember to show your appreciation giving us a <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc" data-icon="octicon-star" aria-label="Star open-license-manager/licensecc on GitHub">star</a> here on GitHub.

## License
The project is donated to the community. It comes with freedom of use for everyone, and it always will be. 
It has a [BSD 3 clauses](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) licensing schema, that allows free modification and use in commercial software. 

## Project Structure
The software is made by 4 main sub-components:
-   a C++ library with a nice C api, `licensecc` with minimal (or no) external dependencies (the part you have to integrate in your software) that is the project you're currently in.
-   a license debugger `lcc-inspector` to be sent to the final customer when there are licensing problems or for calculating the pc hash before issuing the license.
-   a license generator (github project [lcc-license-generator](https://github.com/open-license-manager/lcc-license-generator)) `lccgen` for customizing the library and generate the licenses.
-   Usage [examples](https://github.com/open-license-manager/examples) to simplify the integration in your project.
 
## How to build
Below an overview of the basic build procedure, you can find detailed instructions for [Linux](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Build-the-library.html) 
or [Windows](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Build-the-library-windows.html) in the project web site. 

### Prerequisites
-   Operating system: Linux(Ubuntu, CentOS), Windows
-   compilers       : GCC (Linux) MINGW (Linux cross compile for Windows), MINGW or MSVC (Windows) 
-   tools           : cmake(>3.6), git, make/ninja(linux)
-   libs            : If target is Linux Openssl is required. Windows depends only on system libraries. Boost is necessary to build license generator and to run the tests but it's NOT a dependency of the final `licensecc` library. 

For a complete list of dependencies and supported environments see [the project website](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Dependencies.html)

Clone the project. It has submodules, don't forget the `--recursive` option.

```console
git clone --recursive https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc.git
cd licensecc/build
```

### build on Linux

```console
cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
make
make install
```

### build on Windows (with MSVC 2017)

```console
cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" -DBOOST_ROOT="{Folder where boost is}" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
cmake --build . --target install --config Release
```

### cross compile with MINGW on Linux

```console
x86_64-w64-mingw32.static-cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
make
make install
```

## How to test

### on Linux

```console
make test
```

### on Windows (MSVC)

```console
ctest -C Release
```

## How to use

The [examples](https://github.com/open-license-manager/examples) repository that shows various ways to integrate `licensecc` into your project.

## How to contribute

The easiest way you can solve your problems or ask help is through the [discussions tab](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/discussions) above, otherwise if you think there is a problem you can open an issue in the [issue system](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/issues). 
Have a look to the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before reporting.
We use [GitFlow](https://datasift.github.io/gitflow/IntroducingGitFlow.html) (or at least a subset of it). 
Remember to install the gitflow git plugin and use `develop` as default branch for your pull requests.

Commit message:

Updated Readme with fork disclaimer

README.md, after:

# This is a fork

This is a fork because the original library is badly written but provides almost what I need. The fixes in this lib allow us to use it as a library.

I strongly encourage us to move away from this lib to a more stable one.

# Licensecc

*Copy protection, licensing library and license generator for Windows and Linux.*

[![Standard](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%2B%2B-11-blue.svg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B#Standardization)
[![unstable](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/unstable.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
[![travis](https://travis-ci.org/open-license-manager/licensecc.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/open-license-manager/licensecc)
[![Github_CI](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/workflows/Github_CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/actions)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/81a1f6bc15014618934fc5fab4d3c206)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=open-license-manager/licensecc&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=vdrBBzX6Rl)](https://codecov.io/gh/open-license-manager/licensecc)
[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/open-license-manager/licensecc)](http://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/issues)

Protect the software you develop from unauthorized copies, limit the usage in time, to a specific set of 
machines, or prevent the usage in  virtualized environments. It is an open source license manager that helps to keep your 
software closed :smirk: . Among other features if it runs on a "real hardware" it can generate a signature of that hardware and report if the signature doesn't match.

A comprehensive [list of features](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/analysis/features.html), and their status is available in the project site. 

If you're experiencing problems, or you just need informations you can't find in the [documentation](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc)  please contact us on [github discussions](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/discussions), we'll be happy to help. 

Remember to show your appreciation giving us a <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc" data-icon="octicon-star" aria-label="Star open-license-manager/licensecc on GitHub">star</a> here on GitHub.

## License
The project is donated to the community. It comes with freedom of use for everyone, and it always will be. 
It has a [BSD 3 clauses](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) licensing schema, that allows free modification and use in commercial software. 

## Project Structure
The software is made by 4 main sub-components:
-   a C++ library with a nice C api, `licensecc` with minimal (or no) external dependencies (the part you have to integrate in your software) that is the project you're currently in.
-   a license debugger `lcc-inspector` to be sent to the final customer when there are licensing problems or for calculating the pc hash before issuing the license.
-   a license generator (github project [lcc-license-generator](https://github.com/open-license-manager/lcc-license-generator)) `lccgen` for customizing the library and generate the licenses.
-   Usage [examples](https://github.com/open-license-manager/examples) to simplify the integration in your project.
 
## How to build
Below an overview of the basic build procedure, you can find detailed instructions for [Linux](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Build-the-library.html) 
or [Windows](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Build-the-library-windows.html) in the project web site. 

### Prerequisites
-   Operating system: Linux(Ubuntu, CentOS), Windows
-   compilers       : GCC (Linux) MINGW (Linux cross compile for Windows), MINGW or MSVC (Windows) 
-   tools           : cmake(>3.6), git, make/ninja(linux)
-   libs            : If target is Linux Openssl is required. Windows depends only on system libraries. Boost is necessary to build license generator and to run the tests but it's NOT a dependency of the final `licensecc` library. 

For a complete list of dependencies and supported environments see [the project website](http://open-license-manager.github.io/licensecc/development/Dependencies.html)

Clone the project. It has submodules, don't forget the `--recursive` option.

```console
git clone --recursive https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc.git
cd licensecc/build
```

### build on Linux

```console
cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
make
make install
```

### build on Windows (with MSVC 2017)

```console
cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" -DBOOST_ROOT="{Folder where boost is}" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
cmake --build . --target install --config Release
```

### cross compile with MINGW on Linux

```console
x86_64-w64-mingw32.static-cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
make
make install
```

## How to test

### on Linux

```console
make test
```

### on Windows (MSVC)

```console
ctest -C Release
```

## How to use

The [examples](https://github.com/open-license-manager/examples) repository that shows various ways to integrate `licensecc` into your project.

## How to contribute

The easiest way you can solve your problems or ask help is through the [discussions tab](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/discussions) above, otherwise if you think there is a problem you can open an issue in the [issue system](https://github.com/open-license-manager/licensecc/issues). 
Have a look to the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before reporting.
We use [GitFlow](https://datasift.github.io/gitflow/IntroducingGitFlow.html) (or at least a subset of it). 
Remember to install the gitflow git plugin and use `develop` as default branch for your pull requests.
